Leona: Hold still.
Just a little longer.
Marin: Yes.
[defeated sigh]
It's no good.
What? Even for you?
Whoever made this must
have been a genius.
It's completely beyond me.
Oh...
Soldier: Everybody -
come check it out!
Soldier: What's going on?
Lady Marin of the Troika...
Maam: Is that Fullheal?
That's right.
It's the most
powerful Heal Spell
that Princess Leona can cast.
Baduck: It cures even
the most severe injuries.
There. You should
be all better.
Thank you so much.
I owe you... my life.
Oh, it's nothing.
Anything for
a friend in need.
Princess.
I'm glad you're all right.
Sister!
Leona's so amazing.
Well, obviously.
She's a Sage in
training after all.
She can even use
attack spells,
though the Troika have
a bit more strength.
Truly an all-around
spell caster!
Is something wrong, Maam?
Maam: I'm going to
talk to Uncle Matoriv.
Maybe he can fix
my Magic Bullet Gun.
Maam - wait!
Your Magic Power seems
to have increased.
Popp: Don't let
that surprise you.
Sizz!
Hang in there! You're close!
[struggling grunts]
Crack.
And now, Boom.
Oh, no!
Matoriv: The Flight
Spell, Levizoom.
Now, when did you learn that?
[proud chuckle]
It's easy if you
already know Zoom!
Levizoom.
[pained yell]
Matoriv: Don't get smug.
I may be old, but in a
one-minute, one-on-one fight,
there isn't a being on
the face of this earth
who can defeat me with magic.
Nasty, bitter old man...
Matoriv, c'mon!
Can't you teach me
some cool spells, too?
Not while I'm having you
do basic meditation.
Yeah, but... You're teaching
Popp and he's improving so much!
[chirping]
You fool.
What use is it knowing
all the same spells
that your friend does?
Dai: Huh?!
I don't get it!
Matoriv: A Hero
can do anything.
Although a Warrior may
possess more strength,
and a Mage can
perform more magic...
Matoriv: A Hero is
a jack-of-all-trades
and master of none.
But they do possess an ultimate
weapon that no one else has.
And what's that?
Matoriv: Isn't it obvious?
A Hero's weapon is courage.
Courage?
Matoriv: You can face any enemy
with the right kind of courage.
Understand?
Popp here's not going to improve
his magical skills on his own.
Matoriv: That makes a party.
That's what
companions are for.
Popp [thought]:
Courage, huh?
I suppose that's
something I don't have.
Maam [thought]:
A weapon of my own.
That's it. Without that...
[pained groan]
But I didn't even do anything!
Just your presence
is bad enough!
Then I'll hide my presence.
Why, you...
Interesting.
You really did inherit your
father's strength, didn't you?
Maam [thought]: Strength?
My father's strength!
Amy: Papnica Kingdom
is starting to rebuild.
Apollo: The citizens are all
returning now that they've heard
Dai defeated the Dark Army.
Indeed. Repairs are almost
complete on the temple.
Yes, and after that,
we can get started on
the palace, Your Highness.
I see. It sounds like
things are going well.
Which just leaves the
three of us, you guys.
The Dark Army's fortress is here
in the mountains of Guildmain.
Maam says Crocodine
and Hyunckel
are on their way
there to scout the area.
Okay, well, what should we do?
Currently, our forces lack
both weapons and manpower.
So rather than attacking,
we should focus on
building up our strength.
Alright.
Then why don't we all go
and look for some new weapons.
Sounds good to me.
What do you think, Maam?
Uh, Maam, what's wrong?
Listen, everyone.
I've been thinking...
I'm going... my own
way for a while.
What?! How come?
Why so sudden?
With my weapon broken,
I can't use Attack Spells.
Plus, Leona... is far
better at Heal Spells.
At this rate, I'm going
to end up being a burden.
But, that's not true!
She's right.
You should listen.
Leona?
From now on...
We're going to be facing more
powerful enemies than before.
And without trying
to get stronger,
any one of us could
become a burden.
That's a... little harsh.
You never hold back, Leona.
I really admire that.
So, thank you.
I've decided; I'm going to
return to Romos to train...
To find something
only I can do.
What's something
only you can do?
Martial arts.
Both: Martial arts?!
Maam: Right.
I figured I'd become
a Martial Artist!
Popp: You're serious?!
[squawking]
Hadlar: Hyunckel and
Crocodine have betrayed us.
Flazzard is dead.
With the Six Legion Commanders
reduced to only the three of us,
our forces are at half the
strength that they should be.
That sound... That's the
sound of the Reaper Flute!
[laughing]
See, I told you, Hadlar's
army is falling apart!
Killvearn: Good boy, Piroro.
You were wise to inform me.
Good evening!
And greetings, inhabitants
of Sovereign Rock Castle.
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Killvearn.
And I'm Piroro!
Y-you're... Killvearn?
Surely, you've heard of him.
The Dark King's
personal assassin-
a deadly reaper who
silently erases
those who cross His Majesty!
[chuckling]
And why is the reaper
here at Sovereign Rock?
Mystvearn: Has someone's
incompetence warranted a visit?
Killvearn: This
is surprising, Myst.
It's been years since
I've heard your voice.
Surprise, surprise!
Killvearn:
Something must be wrong.
Centuries of silence and
now you have so much to say.
Mystvearn: You're the one
who talks too much, Kill.
Killvearn: Perhaps.
[chuckling]
Hadlar [thought]:
These two know each other?
Killvearn: And now, Hadlar,
I hear your performance has
been slipping as of late.
He's been botching things up!
Ever since he failed
to take out Dai the Hero,
Commanders have fallen,
Kingdoms have been reclaimed.
It's a whole big mess!
And recently,
he brought out the whole
army but was still defeated!
Hadlar: Silence!
Killvearn: Is it true...
you let Dai and his
friends beat you?
The plan to kill the
boy is still in progress.
In time...
Killvearn: Then you'd
better hurry up.
King Vearn is a patient god,
but even he has his limits.
If you should fail again...
Go on. If I fail?
Then what's meant to happen?
Killvearn: Do I have to
say it? This. Get it?
Then have no fear!
I will destroy those
brats without hesitation-
by my own hand!
Not so fast!
Baran: The next
to fight Dai is me,
Dragon Master General Baran!
Hadlar: Baran!
Hadlar [thought]:
It's too soon.
Has he already destroyed
the Carl Kingdom?
Our savior Baran! Oh, my!
Killvearn: Ah, so I guess you've
been saving the best for last.
In that case, I trust
there's no issue.
Wait, Baran!
In order to regain the
Dark King's trust, I should...
Dark Commander Hadlar, I am
growing tired of your excuses.
I now know the reason
why you've been attempting
to keep me away from the boy.
Hadlar: What is it, then?!
It's because...
The boy...
is a Dragon Knight!
A... a Dragon Knight?!
You mean... from the legends?
Hadlar [thought]:
He finally knows.
So, leave it to me...
Commander.
No, no! There's no way!
You will do nothing.
And that is an order.
Besides, we don't
have any proof yet
that he really
is a Dragon Knight.
I need to find out for myself.
And I said no!
Killvearn: Stop.
How dare you!
Killvearn: I believe I know
what's going on here, Hadlar.
If this Dai really
is what you fear,
you can't let our friend
Baran here near him, can you?
Killvearn: Oh, well.
You can all squabble
on your own time.
I'd like to finish
what I came here for.
But that's...
The Key of Vearn!
Killvearn: Crocodine
and Hyunckel, was it?
Those two know the location
of Sovereign Rock Castle.
King Vearn has ordered me
to move it... immediately.
Move the castle?!
So that's why...
[squawking]
It's really happening...
Hadlar: Sovereign
Rock Castle moves!
Killvearn: And now, let's all
enjoy a pleasant little stroll.
Whee-ee! Whee-ee!
[excited laughter]
Bye, Maam...
Why doesn't
she just stay here
and train with
the rest of us?
Well, Dai, it's an
important decision
that she needed to make.
Over the years,
I've heard the stories;
They say that deep in
the Romos Mountains,
there lives a
"God of Martial Arts".
Who cares about some
stupid legend, anyway?
Just let her go off and be
a Martial Artist or whatever!
C'mon, Popp. What are
you so sour about?
Uh, well, I think
Popp is just sad because
he actually really likes Maam.
And you can shut your mouth!
Oh, really? Is that true?
Then why don't you go
tell her how you feel?
I mean, you won't be seeing
her for quite a while.
A while, huh? Then, maybe...
It doesn't matter.
She's already into
someone else anyway.
I see. Well, that explains
why you're all sour.
So, is this supposed
to be a form of kindness?
You know, if you
die in battle,
this might be your final
chance to say goodbye.
Leona: She'll never
know how you feel.
Are you fine with that?
Popp [thought]: This could
be... our final farewell?
I...
Maam! Wait!
Off he goes!
What happens now?
Leona... you're enjoying
his struggle, aren't you?
Popp: Maam!
Popp?
What is it?
You're going to
Nayle Village, right?
I'll take you.
I can cast a Zoom spell and
get us there instantly.
Leona: What will he do?
Will he be able to tell her?
That was mean, Leona.
Y'know... To push
Popp like that...
C'mon, that's not true.
I said what I said
for his benefit.
It's not good for
one's mental health
to keep things
bottled up inside.
Uh-huh, you don't say?
[excited chuckle]
I'm sorry. You can't.
Huh? You're not going
to Nayle Village?
You said Romos, so I
just thought that...
Our battle isn't over yet.
I'm not returning home until
we defeat the Dark Army,
and avenge Master
Avan like we said.
[sigh]
Oh, right...
Besides, this rumored
God of Martial Arts...
He's said to live deep
in the Romos mountains.
Hang on. I trained in the
Romos mountains with mentor.
I can get you there, easy!
Maam: But...
Oh, come on.
We're friends, right?
You're right about that.
I guess I'll take you
up on your offer.
Alright!
Okay. You ready?
Zoom!
Leona: Whoa, yes!
He even put his
arm around her.
Not a bad job at all.
Dai [thought]: Good luck, Maam.
We'll be waiting.
-[pained groan]
-That hurt...
Sorry. My landings
aren't so perfect.
Uh, Popp?
This isn't the
Romos mountains.
Huh?
Popp: This is...
the Dark Forest?
Why did we end up here?
Popp: Wait, I know!
This is where the three of
us first met each other.
Oh...
Popp: That's right.
A mental image is the key
when casting Zoom spells.
So then this place must
be really important to me...
I remember...
when we first met, we almost
got into a fight right here.
I'll never forget it.
Popp [thought]:
Timing feels right.
Now's my chance to tell her!
You know...
Huh?
You're amazing, Popp.
Uh, how?
I mean, it took us days to
sail from Romos to Papnica.
Now you can just come
back in an instant.
I mean...
It's nothing impressive.
When we met, I couldn't
imagine you doing that.
To be honest, at first...
I thought that you
were a little...
Little bit of a
selfish-cowardly-type guy.
I... can't argue with that.
Maam: But, through
every battle,
you grew so strong
and so brave.
It made me realize
how hard you were trying.
Then you kept
getting stronger,
and learned new
spells so fast...
and you saved me
again, and again.
Even when we fought Hadlar.
Maam...
That's why, after
that last battle,
I decided I wanted
to catch up to you.
You can't just keep
rescuing me...
Not all the time.
Hey, Popp?
Popp: It's okay, Maam.
It was nothing.
You don't have to
feel that way at all.
I would... gladly throw my...
life away for you any time.
Huh?
Popp: I want to
tell you that...
I...
I think you're the best...
Companion... ever!
Popp, I...
See you soon, Maam.
I promise I'll be back.
You'll be shocked
by how strong I get.
[chuckling]
Well, careful now,
if you show up looking like
some muscle-bound gorilla,
then I'll have to pretend
that I don't know you.
You're already not much
to look at anyway.
W-What?!
[laughing]
Best of luck out there.
And remember; try not to become
too big and strong, okay?
[teasing laughter]
Thank you, Popp. Goodbye.
Popp [thought]:
This is how it should be.
I can't tell her yet.
I'm not as brave or
strong as she thinks I am.
I need to get even stronger!
Leona: What do you
think will happen?
Because I think there's
about an eighty-percent
chance he gets shot down.
Be honest. You really
are enjoying this.
What the blazes?
Crocodine: Sovereign
Rock Castle is gone!
How is this possible?
Look at these.
I think the castle has moved!
So, are you saying that it
sprouted legs and walked away?
It's not entirely
impossible...
When you consider King Vearn's
Supercharged Dark Energy.
Crocodine, you need to inform
Dai and the others of this.
And what about you?
I'm going to follow those
giant footprints lead.
I feel something terrible
is going to happen.
Captain: So. Where are we?
Crew member: Almost
at the northernmost land
known as the Field of Death.
Smooth sailing, Captain.
Excellent.
Captain: What was that?!
I don't know, captain.
[screaming]
It's huge! It's enormous!
A giant made out
of a mountain!
Narrator: Seeking
new weapons,
Dai and his friends
head to Bengarna Kingdom
to visit a department store.
And while they browse its
aisles for the first time,
Dai and Popp are awed
by the establishment's
unfamiliar snacks and wares.
But little do they know that
a vicious new threat approaches.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Off to the Department Store".